$ README, version 2.3 20/03/2013 PMS $

This  is  the NOTFORM  package  for  preparing  application forms  for
observing  time  at the  NOT  in period  48.   This  set contains  the
following files:

README48             This file
notsty48.sty	     NOTFORM LaTeX style file
nottempl48.tex       An empty application form

To  install the  NOTFORM  package, just  de-compress  (with gunzip  or
uncompress)  and un-tar  the  package  file.  You  can  then edit  the
nottempl48.tex file to prepare your own proposal(s).

When preparing a proposal, use the file nottempl48.tex as template and
take care  to fill in the  fields of this proposal  form as indicated,
following the instructions  and advice provided in the  header of each
section. Run LaTex on your completed form and verify the result before
submitting to check  that it runs correctly and  does not overfill any
of the  boxes, and that it  produces a total  of no more than  six (6)
printed pages.

Be sure  to always use the  correct version of the  not-style file for
the period in question. This template is only valid for period 48.

Never change the format of  the template or style file. Proposals that
do not comply with the correct version of the style and template files
will be rejected.

Name the file PIname.tex (e.g. johanson.tex) and any figure file(s) as
PInameA.ps (and PInameB.ps). After  verifying that the proposal can be
properly processed, submit the  file(s) as (separate) attached file(s)
by e-mail to the address:
                                                                        
                          proposal@not.iac.es

with the word  ``Proposal'' in the 'Subject' field and  as text in the
body of  the message.   The latter is  important when you  use certain
mailers as the proposal might otherwise not be parsed correctly by our
automatic procedure.

Do  not compress the  files or  combine them  in a  tar file.   Do not
submit the style file.

Any questions regarding the proposal procedure may be submitted to the
same e-mail address, giving ``Question'' as the 'Subject'.

If  you  submit   more  than  one  proposal,  please   name  the  file
PIname1.tex,  PIname2.tex,  etc., and  any  figure files  accordingly.
Only one proposal should be submitted at the time.

The Scientific Justification of  the proposal should be self-contained
and not refer to previous proposals.

Describe  first  the  scientific  background  and main  goals  of  the
proposal.   As OPC members  cannot be  experts in  every field,  it is
CRUCIAL that you outline the general scientific context CLEARLY and in
a  manner that  can be  understood also  by a  non-specialist  in your
field.

Then argue -  equally clearly!  - how your  proposed observing project
will contribute  significantly to  advancing our understanding  of the
issue. Key references to the literature should be given.

Finally, describe how the  data reduction and scientific analysis will
be done, and document that the team possesses the required expertise.

All text and figures should fit on the following two pages (page 2 and
page 3), but text may spill over on page 3. All figures and references
should be placed on page 3.

For more information on the Nordic Optical Telescope see:

	                 http://www.not.iac.es/
